1784 update ansys multi core license restrictions (#1785)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: FAQs.rst

For those more familiar with the use of ``mpirun`` and ``mpiexec``:
``srun`` can here be thought to be functionally equivalent to ``mpirun`` and ``mpiexec``,
although it takes different arguments and can also be used for starting interactive sessions on Slurm clusters.

.. _ansys_license_restrictions:

Are there any license restrictions for ANSYS?
----------------------------------------------

> ANSYS users are subject to a limit of 400 concurrent cores, out of a total of 4500 available. There are no limitations on 
> the number of ANSYS applications users can open, but multi-core licenses are checked out per application, 
> with more than 4 cores used concurrently, equal to the number of cores in use above 4. 
> This restriction applies to individual usernames on all devices on campus, including personal machines and HPC, 
> and only for ANSYS multi-core licenses on the research license server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ANSYS users are subject to a per user limit of 400 concurrent cores via a maximum check out limit of 400 ANSYS multi-core licenses. There are no limitations on 
the number of ANSYS applications users can open however:

* Multi-core licenses are checked out per application;
* when more than 4 cores are used concurrently;
* with the number required equal to the number of cores in use greater than 4. 

This restriction applies on an individual user basis across all applications and devices concurrently, including personal machines, managed desktop machines and the HPC clusters.
```

This seemed a bit clunky so I wanted to smooth it out a bit.

As a result of the above anyone on HPC, personal PCs or managed PCs using more than 4 cores per application open will 
require a number of ANSYS multi-core licenses equivalent to the number of cores they are using minus 4,
but cannot use more than 400 at once.

.. table:: **Example of license usage by a user**
   
   ==============================================       ===========================             
   User using ANSYS                                     Multi-core licenses in use
   ==============================================       ===========================
   On a desktop open using 4 cores                      4  - 4 = 0
   On another desktop using 6 cores                     6  - 4 = 2
   A job on ShARC using 12 cores                        12 - 4 = 8
   A job on Stanage using 20 cores                      20 - 4 = 16
   Another job on Stanage using 30 cores                30 - 4 = 26     
   **Total**                                            **52**
   ==============================================       =========================== 

> In the above scenario a user is using many ANSYS applications at once and has a total of 52 multi-core licenses checked out. 

Author: Thanks @nikishe. Made the change
